Update foo.mdx (#1)
jfrappier/test-docs: foo.mdx

support applications that are delivered globally and reduces latency to
your stuff.

> ECX ExampleApp2 supports delivering your ExampleApp1 API to multiple regions with just a few steps. Delivering your ExampleApp1 API to multiple regions allows you to support applications that are delivered globally and reduces latency to your application.

Author: ```suggestion
ECD ExampleApp2 supports delivering your ExampleApp1 API to multiple regions with just a few steps. Delivering your ExampleApp1 API to multiple regions allows you to support applications that are delivered globally and reduces latency to your application.
```

> ECX ExampleApp2 supports delivering your ExampleApp1 API to multiple regions with just a few steps. Delivering your ExampleApp1 API to multiple regions allows you to support applications that are delivered globally and reduces latency to your application.

Author: ```suggestion
ECX ExampleApp2 supports delivering your ExampleApp1 API to multiple regions with just a few steps. Delivering your ExampleApp1 API to multiple regions allows you to support applications that are delivered globally and reduces latency to your other users.
```
